# Testimony 

When I was in high school, I didn't have a lot of friends. I had math friends, band friends, and track friends, but it felt like those relationships would fade away as soon as those events ended. The one relationship that seemed to last was the relationship with my girlfriend. She was a cool girl, but she was a terrible god. she couldn't spend time with me as much as I wanted. She never texted me as much as I wanted her to. I needed her to be my happiness and she fell terribly short. I wanted her because she made me happy but I hated her because she could so easily take it away. Right before college started, I cut her out of my life because I was so tired of her not being enough. I thought that surely, in college, there would be someone who would love me as much as I loved her.

I came to college, and on my third day of class, I met a guy who invited me to church. At church, I met amazing brothers and sisters, but I also heard about this guy named Jesus. Jesus' love was a lot better than my love. When I needed to hang out with my girlfriend even if she was busy, Jesus' love did not insist on its own way. When I remembered every time that my girlfriend didn't text me back, Jesus' love kept no record of wrongs. When I cut my girlfriend out of my love, Jesus came and died for the ones who betrayed him. In the brokenness of my love and the beauty of his love, I saw my own sin, and I saw that I deeply needed the love of my savior.

God saved me in October 2017. I met up with my ex-girlfriend for a meal to apologize for cutting her off. During a moment where we were together, and she was looking places to eat on her phone. I felt the old sting of jealousy that I used to feel whenever we would be together and she would be on her phone. (I don't want you guys to come away feeling that when you come to Jesus, all your brokenness is healed instantly) Those feelings still come around with certain people, and sometimes God allows us our weaknesses that we may learn to depend on God's strength. In those moments, God's spirit reminds me to turn to Him and remember that my value is not based on the opinions of flawed human beings but on the blood of the son of God who gave Himself for me.
